[Applause]
hi sweetie I want to give to you your
birthday present my birthday present so
I'm happy birthday I hope you like the
surprise and I can't wait to go with you
it's a plane ticket
[Music]
I am
all right we made it to Paris we just
took the like train from the airport to
the city of Paris and now we're trying
to find a taxi to get to our Airbnb
which is about ten minutes away from
here need to figure out how to get into
the building right so we've received a
one set video look Saxon all right
room tour coming soon
[Music]
good morning guys from sunny first day
here in Paris Alexia has very kindly
cooked us breakfast
avocado on toast with our respective
teas we're gonna sit down and have a
little think about what it is that we
want to do today where we want to go we
want to see pretty excited good morning
guys it is really sunny today which
we're very happy about Alex he and I
just got off at the Metro invalid
station if you look behind me you can
see the Eiffel Tower after that we're
gonna go to a that Ilan won't say he's
it rate my French in the comments down
below anyways we're just gonna walk
around get some good views of the Eiffel
Tower and explore a little bit of the
city say hi be Alex he and I made it to
this very very instagrammy spot you
should definitely follow me on instagram
if you're not already and follow Alex
Instagram where are we heading now
Eiffel Tower I think we've both really
enjoyed the architecture here it's just
different it's different something that
we haven't seen before
I feel like Paris is kind of similar to
London just not as dense not as
congested and busy but it still shares a
lot of that same bike inner city v we're
doing a decent amount of walking around
the Eiffel Tower and to this base what's
it called my first-ever half marathon I
ran it before yesterday and so my legs
are they feel like rock solid honestly
my calves are like cramping up with
every step that I take Oh God my seagull
what is this called again nice cut ok
dado
we're both gonna pronounce French words
throughout this vlog and you guys don't
have to comment who's French is better
[Music]
so it's a fashion week in Paris
which means walking around the city
every now and again will see something
like this
[Music]
way bigger than I imagined
284 steps that's where we're going
pretty far so he just came from the
Eiffel towel bloopers oh he just came
from the eiffel tower and next up ladies
[Music]
[Applause]
we made it to say Lisa hopefully I'm
pronouncing by at least half correct the
Sun is setting the buildings look really
nice the street is huge it's so wide I
think we came to Paris at a very good
time because it's not that busy it's not
that crowded yeah it's a little bit cold
but honestly it's alright we're all
bundled up and warm wearing our
turtlenecks so it's ok we were making
our way over to lay on t good but
unfortunately it's closed the next best
and closest thing is five guys yeah well
we're gonna have the French pipe guys
for the Paris edition
[Music]
plus they conquer the skies looking
absolutely beautiful there's this big
tower here which seems to have
hieroglyphics on it this is our last pit
stop of the day before we head home all
right guys we have had a very long day
we've seen quite a few things and now
we're gonna head back to the air B&B to
warm up because we are freezing else to
get some good rest and relaxation in
before we go out for dinner
[Music]
go maybe hear me walk down the gardens
and pass by Angelina as well yeah and
then we can go to the Louvre this is the
nice bridge with the logs so if we have
time we'll do this area like the bridge
and they're not done
you got that yummy all right guys I have
- same
pretty Gardens have a nice
pastry even though no sir it's dessert
something
- one was it video welcome to Paris day
number two we're currently at the dawn
did something to make me yeah we are at
business done and it's supposed to start
raining
in a couple of days in fact I think we
might have gotten a sunburn yesterday oh
yeah true when we go home we realized we
were both probably sunburned people on
the Phase one same scarf same jacket
different times same shoes Wow
[Music]
alright guys so we're currently walking
towards the loop which is directly
behind me we got our midday coffees in
order to re-energize so we're gonna walk
around a little bit visit some of the
surrounding areas over here before we
actually go inside the museum
[Music]
made it to the news
with the belt hair creative groups
alright so we've decided to see romaine
things we're going to start off with an
agree that exhibition and then we're
going to move on to an Egyptian
exhibition and finish off with French
and Italian with a lion
carved out of a single piece of
[Music]
alright guys we just finished a little
Museum who's honestly wonderful go see
so many things from ancient Egypt
ancient Greece some old French paintings
a bit of everything also had a nice
little photo shoot outside of these
pyramids over here and now we're very
very hungry we haven't eaten all day
it's like 5:00 p.m. so we're gonna try
and go find something to eat and then
decide if we're gonna go back home or
stay a little bit longer good morning
guys welcome to day 3 of Eris we've come
to this spot called police belt no holy
belly I've gotten some eggs over here
and alexeyev has got a pair of pancakes
with proof are you excited to eat it
[Music]
yeah so we've got really interesting day
planned today we're gonna go to the well
you guys will see keep watching
[Music]
careful there love doesn't fall of
course of course right through the crack
what did I say careful that love doesn't
fall careful the key doesn't fall and
what did you do our fingers honestly
almost fell off we've now made it to not
cut down which unfortunately appears to
be closed to the public I guess because
of the recent burning and now they're
probably doing renovations and stuff so
I don't think we can walk underneath it
good morning guys Paris Dave for woke up
this morning to an email from one of my
supervisors for the research project
that I'm doing saying that they want the
abstract analyzed and sent over to them
ASAP so they can finish it and submit it
to the conference
so me and my research partner have just
been in contact and working this morning
we've been sitting over here by the
window getting some work done we're
almost finished now so gonna finalize a
couple of things send them off and we'll
be ready to explore another day in Paris
all right so what started off this
morning as what was meant to be an hour
of me and Alec co-working has now turned
into 2:00 p.m. and we're still at home
both of us had our own fires to put out
you know respective things and it's
taking way way way way longer than
expected we're currently trying to find
somewhere to eat for lunch and hopefully
once we find a suitable place we can
head out of the house go walk around a
little bit in the beautiful Sun it's
such a shame that we had to stay inside
for so long hopefully we can still make
something of the day but it has been a
tiring morning we're finally leaving the
Airbnb
[Music]
all right so you start off the day by
doing some work yeah even though it's an
ideal sometimes you gotta do what you
gotta do and then we just decide to walk
around nearby just because you didn't
have too much time I wanted to still do
some work when we got back and we have
dinner reservations at a really nice
restaurant so yeah we just had to walk
around got some healthy juices Maxine
the Train window
mine does not taste that good it's
called lucky five have all of these
things honestly it's not bad but it's
just strange
oh my foot here mine let's try it
I've seen a lot of people do these kind
of shots and it always looks like it
tastes nasty no I think anyway how did
you have that we're gonna sit down and
enjoy it while watching an episode of
The Bachelor let me show you guys me and
Alec SIA
are very very hyped about this show
probably a little bit too much recently
we've watched a lot of like good quality
in show a lot so we wanted to watch
something a bit yeah we need something
light-hearted something Chiltern okay
[Music]
all right Sibley
we just had a most romantic dinner with
a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower and
really good food is why yeah we really
enjoyed that now we're heading home
gonna watch some TV sit on the couch and
enjoy the rest of the night get a head
start
[Music]
yummy breakfast we did thank you sausage
anyway and actually exciting news what
just happened
we put you flight likes is coming to
London for a couple of days so we're
gonna extend our holiday and it'll be
good anyway well we know where we now
know such a good in more marked the
church at the top of the hill as you
guys can see
[Music]
the area that we're staying in is
extremely central so we're pretty much
close to a lot of different metro
stations and it's a very commercial
areas there's lots of shops if we want
coffee or food or things like cranly
walking through a passage or a stylish
which there seems to be quite a few of
them campfires they're just like these
little alleyways I guess with stores on
the left and right and they're really
really cute suami dumb last thing here
in Paris I'm gonna try and go out
revisit all the places that I really
enjoyed while I was here and try and see
some new things as well and I'm gonna
take you along with me
I've made it to an area called
Montmartre more mocked hopefully I'm
pronouncing that okay for the French
people don't roast me in the comments
Alex and I were here yesterday but I've
come back for one very specific reason
which I yesterday I saw an artist
painting portraits of people but he was
just amazing he drew everything using
straight lines only so I've come back to
see if he's still here and he's free I
want to get a portrait done by him this
is my first time doing some exploring in
a foreign country all by myself
I'm definitely somebody who isn't that
great with being alone being with their
own thoughts so I'm happy to do this
sort of get myself exposed to and become
better at it alright so it's 1:30 now
I'm waiting on the corner of the plaza
do i alright guys so this little blue
thing just gonna go home grab some quick
lunch with Alex eeeh pack everything up
and then head back to the airport thing
you've explained it all right even
though it's the last day we've managed
to get something else our first
experience with snail accept French so
on our last day we bound to have some
French food
what does it taste like farmers okay
guys is this not the most aesthetic cup
of coffee you've ever seen really miss a
quick bye bye Paris we'll miss you we
will be back at such a good time
[Music]
what is up guys
I've just been editing the vlog and I've
reached almost the end now and I
realized that Alex he and I never sat
down and we didn't wrap up the vlogs
I've jumped in here to do just first
thing I want to say is that I know this
video is very very long and if you've
somehow managed to watch it being Tyre
way through I'm really really thankful
and I hope that you've enjoyed it
this was something very different for me
it was such a challenge filming over six
days and cutting it down into one video
if you guys enjoyed this video if you
found it fun and if you want to see more
about Alexia in my videos and in my
vlogs please do let me know in a comment
down below also don't forget to like
this video and subscribe to the channel
it was a lot of hard work putting this
video together so I really hope you
enjoyed it and I hope you stick around
for the future as well anyways I'm
rambling now I hope you're having a
fantastic day and I will see you in the
next one peace
[Music]